Adding KubeValidation Markers to align Datadog Operator behaviour with Helm for invalid clusterName (#1145)
DataDog/datadog-operator: docs/configuration.v1alpha1.md

| clusterChecksRunner.rbac.serviceAccountName | Used to set up the service account name to use. Ignored if the field Create is true. |
| clusterChecksRunner.replicas | Number of the Cluster Checks Runner replicas. |
| clusterChecksRunner.tolerations | If specified, the Cluster-Checks pod's tolerations. |

> | clusterName | Set a unique cluster name to allow scoping hosts and Cluster Checks Runner easily. It must be dot-separated tokens where tokens start with a lowercase letter followed by lowercase letters, numbers, or hyphens, cannot end with a hyphen nor have a dot adjacent to a hyphen, and be below 80 chars. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| clusterName | Set a unique cluster name to facilitate scoping hosts and Cluster Checks Runner. Must be a string of dot-separated tokens. A token can contain lowercase letters, numbers, or hyphens. A token must start with a lowercase letter, cannot end with a hyphen, cannot contain a dot adjacent to a hyphen, and must be fewer than 80 chars. |
```

edits on the wording of the description
